[DOC] Add landing page and focus for Obs as Code docs (#104832)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/observability-as-code/_index.md

---

> cascade:

Author: ```suggestion
_build:
  list: false
noindex: true
cascade:
```

    - oss
title: Observability as Code
weight: 100
cards:
  items:
    - title: Get started
      height: 24
      href: ./get-started/
      description: Learn about how you can use Observability as Code.
    - title: Grafana CLI
      height: 24
      href: ./grafana-cli/
      description: Grafana CLI (`grafanactl`) is a command-line tool designed to simplify interaction with Grafana instances. You can authenticate, manage multiple environments, and perform administrative tasks through Grafana’s REST API, all from the terminal.
    - title: Git Sync
      height: 24
      href: ./provision-resources/intro-git-sync/

>       description: Git Sync is an experimental feature that lets you store your dashboard files in a Git Hub repository and synchrize those changes with your Grafana instance.

Author: ```suggestion
      description: Git Sync is an experimental feature that lets you store your dashboard files in a GitHub repository and synchronize those changes with your Grafana instance.
```
